Add `tools kubectl`, `tools wait-for` & Wait Action. (#1373)
defenseunicorns/zarf: docs/4-user-guide/5-component-actions.md

      - cmd: echo "before"
```

## Common Action Configuration Keys

The following keys are common to all action configurations (wait or command):

> - `description` - a description of the action that will replace the text the users sees when the action is running, e.g. `description: "File to be created"` would show `Waiting for "File to be created"` instead of `Waiting for "touch test-create-before.txt"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `description` - a description of the action that will replace the text the user sees when the action is running, e.g. `description: "File to be created"` would show `Waiting for "File to be created"` instead of `Waiting for "touch test-create-before.txt"`
```

- `maxTotalSeconds` - the maximum total time to allow the command to run (default: `0` - no limit for command actions, `300` - 5 minutes for wait actions)

## Command Action Configuration

A command action executes arbitrary commands or scripts in a shell wrapper. Use the `cmd` key to define the command(s) to run. This can also be a multi-line script. _You cannot use `cmd` and `wait` in the same action_. Within each of the `action` lists (`before`, `after`, `onSuccess`, and `onFailure`), the following action configurations are available:

- `cmd` - (required if not a wait action) the command to run
- `dir` - the directory to run the command in, defaults to the current working directory
- `mute` - whether to mute the realtime output of the command, output is always shown at the end on failure (default: `false`)
- `maxRetries` - the maximum number of times to retry the command if it fails (default: `0` - no retries)
- `env` - an array of environment variables to set for the command in the form of `name=value`
- `setVariable` - set the standard output of the command to a variable that can be used in other actions or components

## Wait Action Configuration

> A wait action holds the component stage it is triggered in until the condition is met, or triggers a failure if the timeout is exceeded (defaults to 5 minutes). Use the `wait` key to define the wait paramaters, _you cannot use `cmd` and `wait` in the same action_. A wait action is really just _yaml sugar_ for a call to `./zarf tools wait-for`, but in a more exciting yaml-sort-of-way. Within each of the `action` lists (`before`, `after`, `onSuccess`, and `onFailure`), the following action configurations are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A wait action pauses the component stage it is triggered in until the condition is met, or triggers a failure if maxTotalSeconds is exceeded (defaults to 5 minutes). Use the `wait` key to define the wait paramaters, _you cannot use `cmd` and `wait` in the same action_. A wait action is really just _yaml sugar_ for a call to `./zarf tools wait-for`, but in a more exciting yaml-sort-of-way. Within each of the `action` lists (`before`, `after`, `onSuccess`, and `onFailure`), the following action configurations are available:
```
